Now I'd like to add one more feature to my ecommerce market. I want the vendors to be able to make listings ex: put products for sale. This will be a complicated process I guess. I have divided in steps what we need to do to complete the whole process.

1. Vendors, moderators and admins can create listings, products to sell.
2. The products can (must) be either virtual or physical, so please create the necessary tables with sequelize commands.
3. The admin will be able to add/remove/edit categories and subcategories. There is already a link to a non-existent route (yet): /admin/dashboard/manage-categories. That's gonna be the route in where the admin can add the categories and subcategories at either physical or virtual types.
4. Admins can delete the listings of each user. Upon deletion of a listing, a reason must be given as of why the specific listing was deleted. That reason then will be sent to the author that created the specific listing as a notification (or a message, we will decide on that later). If we go by messages, we should create a messaging and notification system because it does not exist yet, and show the number of notifications. Each user would be able to message each user (not in real time but normal messages).
5. Users can of course delete their own listing if they want to. We will decide later if the admin will be notified when user does that or not.
6. When user buys the product, he can leave a review to the product, preferably 5 star ratings. But there should be rating for quality and speed, so two ratings in total, and the total rating would be a combination of these two ratings. If you have a better method of rating, please give your suggestion.
7. There should be a formula that calculates the trustworthiness of a vendor. So that means total number of items sold in combination with the ratings that he has gotten. Judging for that, the user will be able to accumulate rank, each rank will have stars so let's say if a user has 10 sold items with 5 ratings, he will get some kind of points, and those points will contribute to the overall rank of the user. He will have achievements or something like bagdes the more points he has. Or some colored lines or something under his profile name. Please give suggestions.
8. Banned users of course will have those routes blocked (to create listings).
9. When the user gives review a comment is not required but there is an option for the user to leave a comment (only if he bought the item).
10. We will see the payment way later, but let's make a form for the user to buy. Buyer (normal user) role can buy, also moderators and admins can buy things.